Intent2.0 (#1)
IntentSoftware/Docs: articles/howtos/make-template-decorator-ready.md

---
uid: MakeTemplateDecoratorReady
---

> # How do I make a Template, Decorator Ready?

Author: ```suggestion
# How do I make a Template able to support extensibility through Decorators?
```

We may to want to change the UID and file name as well.

Reviewer: Ugh, you're right but man, will need a bit of refactoring

> Click [here](xref:Decorator) to find out more about Decorators.

Author: Similar to my comment on `create-new-decorator.md`, I wonder if it's better to put this at the end of the article as further reading so as to avoid any readers getting distracted or overwhelmed while reading this article.

> This how-to will serve as an example of how to update a Template to allow Decorators to inject code during runtime. Please update it on your side according to what you need.

Author: ```suggestion
This how-to will guide you through making a Template able to support extensibility through use of Decorators.
```

> Open up the Template that you wish to become more extensible. You will find that in this how-to we will use what we've done in a [previous tutorial](xref:TutorialCreateModule) to demonstrate how to achieve this. Please interpolate on your end what is written here to make the necessary adjustments on what you're trying to achieve.

Author: ```suggestion
```

In line with my comments on `create-new-decorator.md`, we can consider omitting this, but further down the article we could put a TIP or something to the effect of:

```
> [!TIP]
> The [](xref:TutorialCreateModule) article describes how to create a `Module`.
```

(As per one of my earlier comments, we could leave the square brackets empty to have the article name resolved automatically.)

Reviewer: Please see my comment on the related `create-new-decorator.md` section

}
```

## Generate the injected code in Template

Now lets go to the `StartupTemplate.tt` file and make a call to this newly defined method:

```csharp
// [IntentManaged(Mode.Ignore)] // Uncomment to take over configuring services
public void Configure(IApplicationBuilder app, IHostingEnvironment env)
{
    if (env.IsDevelopment())
    {
        app.UseDeveloperExceptionPage();
    }

    <#= GetConfigureCode() #>
    app.UseMvc();
}
```

This will now allow a Decorator to use the interface being provided to inject new code into this Template.

Recompile this project to ensure the Module is built.

## Re-install that Module in your application

Open up the `Test.App` in Intent Architect, click on the `Modules` on the side panel and then on the `Installed` link at the top of the page.

In the Repository dropdown, select `My Module`.

![Installed Modules](images/make-template-decorator-ready/AppInstalledModules.png)

Locate the `MyCompany.MyModule` and click on the `Reinstall` button located on the right-side panel.

When you click on the Code Generation run, there will be one change that it will attempt to make which is an empty line. This is ok. Just proceed to apply.

> This concludes this How-to. If you need to create a Decorator for this Template, please follow the How-to located [here](xref:CreateNewDecorator).

Author: All my comments further for this article would likely be similar to the previous article I commented on, towards making the article as concise as possible and making the tone quite neutral.

So pending our decision on how we want to handle style and tone in general, I'm not going to comment further on this article for now.
